
Columns to be used

for maps

name
latitude
longitude
country

** NOTE: There are missing values in the latitude and longitude columns. These will need to be removed before plotting.

Once these are plotted, we can take a look at what geographic factors come into play when building a nuclear power plant.



We will need to do an evaluation of the MWe Capacities to get an idea of how much power they provide, however we will need to infer the missing values


----
* Capacity note * - The capacity of a nuclear power plant measured in MWe is not a total for the year. It is the maximum amount of electrical power that the plant can generate at any given time. The actual amount of electricity that a nuclear power plant generates in a year will depend on a number of factors, including the availability of fuel, the efficiency of the plant, and the demand for electricity.

For example, a nuclear power plant with a capacity of 1000 MWe may only generate 800 MWe of electricity in a year if the plant is only operating at 80% capacity. This could be due to a number of factors, such as maintenance outages, refueling outages, or reduced demand for electricity.

Nuclear power plants are typically designed to operate at a high capacity factor, which is the ratio of the actual amount of electricity generated to the plant's nameplate capacity. A high capacity factor means that the plant is generating a lot of electricity relative to its size. However, even the most efficient nuclear power plants will have some downtime, so the actual amount of electricity generated in a year will always be less than the plant's nameplate capacity.



----
Here are some of the things to consider when building a nuclear power plant from a location standpoint:

Proximity to water: Nuclear power plants need a large amount of water for cooling, so they are typically located near rivers, lakes, or oceans.
Seismic activity: Nuclear power plants are sensitive to earthquakes, so they should be located in areas with low seismic activity.
Air quality: Nuclear power plants emit small amounts of radioactive material into the air, so they should be located in areas with good air quality.
Population density: Nuclear power plants pose a risk of radiation exposure to people in the surrounding area, so they should be located in areas with low population density.
Transportation: Nuclear power plants need to be able to receive regular deliveries of fuel and other supplies, so they should be located near transportation routes.
Security: Nuclear power plants are a potential target for terrorist attacks, so they should be located in areas with good security.
In addition to these factors, the specific location of a nuclear power plant will also depend on the availability of land, the cost of construction, and other economic factors.

Here are some additional considerations:

Size: The site should be able to accommodate the size of the nuclear power plant and its associated facilities.
Accessibility: The site should be accessible to transportation routes for the delivery of fuel and other supplies.
Water resources: The site should have adequate water resources for cooling and other purposes.
Seismic stability: The site should be in a seismically stable area.
Air quality: The site should be in an area with good air quality.
Population density: The site should be in an area with low population density.
Security: The site should be in an area with good security.

The decision of where to build a nuclear power plant is a complex one that involves many factors. The considerations listed above are just a few of the most important ones.